Use Granite.Services.Application API (#20)
elementary/docs: apis/launchers.md

since the application have an properly desktop ID defined, Granite will get it automatically.
The functions are statics so there is no problem accessing trey.

Showing a `12` number in the badge is as easy as:

```csharp
Granite.Services.Application.set_badge_visible.begin (true);
Granite.Services.Application.set_badge.begin (12);
```

Keep in mind you have to set the `set_badge_visible` property to true, and use an int64 type for the `set_badge` property.

The same goes for showing a progress bar, here we show a progress bar showing 20% progress:

```csharp
Granite.Services.Application.set_progress_visible.begin (true);
Granite.Services.Application.set_progress.begin (0.2f);
```

As you can see the type of `set_progress` property is `double` and is a range between `0` and `1`: from 0% to 100%.

> Since trey are async functiosn, you need to suffix them with `.begin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since they are async functions, you need to suffix them with `.begin`.
```
